Hi Brian,

I hope you are well.

I have been slightly delayed with a legal matter this morning but will be at Aldgate by 10.30am


I apologise for this, but in fact I did wonder if it would be possible, perhaps, if we could have a talk, iether on phone? or coffee? before I come in today.

So would it be Ok for you to give me a call at any time when ever you are available? Or let me know a good time and number to call you on.

I did compose the below email but I thought it may just be better for you and I to have a talk about these things, and what your advise may be?

"

Hi Brian

I felt it necessary to write to try and explain my actions at work yesterday.

Firstly I state that I at all times, during working hours, strive only to benefit the company that pays me, that is paramount, and is always the case with me. At all times I respect, value and strive to help and enable my colleagues. If this is not the case I expect to be told and would thus immediatley leave. I carry out my professional duties. Anyone that thinks otherwise should immediately tell me and we can have a discussion.

I reiterate that I will, of course, resign, if necessary, please let me know if you feel this is what TAG would desire?. I do not want to resign, as I like many aspects of working at TAG, obviously a big part of this is the very many talented, and good people, that I include as both colleagues and friends. But also, I do not want to upset anyone in any way.

First of all can I state that there is a very simple solution, to the issues that arose yesterday, and in fact all the problematic issues that have occured, during my brief, but troubled time trying to support the Burberry digital team.

That I not be asked to amend the PSD products/deliverables that they produce.

This is because, too date, I can not understand Pete's ( nor anyone else on the team for that matter ) instructions on producing this product/deliverable, and I must say, much of the language and processes adopted by the Burberry digital team is very, very, far from standard. In fact I would go so far as to say the task that appears to be so troublesome should in fact be the job of a junior designer. Not head of Burberry digital, if that is what Pete is? Anyway...

Both occasions ( when I have become overly passionate about my working environment ) have been when trying in vain to understand what is a very alien , PSD, product/deliverable environment where there does seem to be a myriad of very confusing rules, that are non rules??... surely one of the designers ( who appear to make a couple of jpg's per day? ), having worked on the burberry team for, is it years now? could help or advise, or just know what the hell Pete means??!! but it seems not?!


As I have said I have tried very hard to follow the processes set in place by the, in my opinion very insular, Burberry digital team, headed up by Pete Scott. I have not been properly introduced to the rest of the team.

I need to say that the experience has been one of the worst working experiences of my life. And as you may or may not know there have been many examples. Anyways.

As I say the solution is in fact very simple, that I am not asked to amend any of the PSD's that are a part of the system that, I gues, Pete, has created on the Burberry team.

Thanks,

Zim

"